♪ Only love, only love, only love
Only love is the gift ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Only love, only love, only love
Only love is the gift ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Only love can illuminate ♪
♪ Ignite the midnight dark ♪
♪ Only love can captivate ♪
♪ Break down the coldest heart ♪
♪ Only love, only love, only love
Only love is the gift ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ Only love is all that we need to live ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ It's the energy ♪
♪ The air we breathe ♪
♪ Only love, only love, only love
Only love is the gift ♪
♪ Described around the world ♪
♪ Reveal its gravity ♪
♪ I wanna lose myself ♪
♪ And feel it envelop me ♪
♪ Enter into the light
And then surrender ♪
♪ Feel it ♪
♪ And there's a man
And we have been in love ♪
♪ We need it ♪
♪ Only love, only love, only love
Only love is the gift ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Only love, only love
Only love is all that we need to live ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ It's the energy ♪
♪ The air we breathe ♪
♪ Only love, only love, only love
Only love is the gift ♪
Excuse me, uh, this may sound crazy,
but I couldn't help but notice you
from across the room.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Love your smell.
- I brought you something.
- What'd you get me?
- What'd I get you?
- Hm?
What'd I get you?
Boom!
- My favorite! Oh!
- Mm-hm.
Why eat regular when you can go Tropical?
- Yeah, Tropical.
- Mm-hm!
All right, what you got?
- What you been drawing?
- Mm!
- Oh!
- Not yet.
Is Bhoomi finally ready
to become a butterfly?
- No.
- Uh-huh.
She's perfectly fine just as she is.
- Stop trying to change her.
- All right.
So Roxy's tonight?
- Or I was thinking...
- Mm-hm?
how about we stay in and I can cook?
- No, thanks.
- What do you mean?
Baby, come on, you think I'll let you
back in the kitchen after last time?
Wait a minute,
that was your mom's branzino recipe.
- Your favorite.
- I don't know what that was.
Never cooking for you again.
Thank you.
I got to go.
- Why?
- Gotta go.
- I got a meeting.
- Don't go.
Babe, you know I'll be thinking about you.
I wanna show you something.
Oh.
I knew you were here the whole time.
Twist ending. How?
Well, I could feel you.
Also, I could see you
in that reflection with my eyes.
Damn, I look good!
Oh, that's just an artist's touch.
- You're a lucky lady.
- I am. I'll see you later?
- Love you so much.
- Love you.
- Bye.
Hey, look out!
Oh, my God!
Get help!
Hey, it's your sister,
doing my daily check-in.
How's it going today? How's Mom and Dad?
Wanna give me a call and catch up?
Ma?
Suzy again. You know what?
You didn't call me back, but that's fine.
Papa?
What do you do
with Mom and Dad at night there?
I'm just curious.
Do you guys hang out
and watch British Bake Off?
I know you're still grieving,
but I just wanted to say
I really miss you.
Hey, it's Suzy again.
Like the new drawings.
Little dark, though. Don't you think?
Maybe you should come back to the city,
to your room,
which is empty, in our apartment?
Mira, enough.
You know I'm not great with words,
but John loved you.
And I'm sure he would not wanna
see you stuck like this.
Mom and Dad want their house back!
Do I have to come and get you?
- Bye, Papa.
- Bye, beta.
- Drive safely.
- I will. Bye, Mom.
- Okay. I got it. Bye.
- Bye.
- See you, Mom.
Tell Suzy she needs
to text her parents back.
I will.
She's here!
I can't believe
you're still driving John's truck.
It still smells like him.
Oh! Come here.
- No, I get the top.
- Ah!
- I'm stronger than you.
- Okay.
I'm really happy you're doing this.
♪ I love you, I hate you
I'm on the fence, it all depends ♪
♪ Whether I'm up, I'm down ♪
♪ I'm on the mend
Transcending all reality ♪
♪ I like you, despise you, admire you ♪
♪ What are we gonna do
When everything all falls through? ♪
♪ I must confess, I've made a mess... ♪
Shit.
Oh!
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Céline Dion?
Like...
Like, "My Heart Still Goes On,"
that Céline Dion?
Too commercial for you, is it, huh?
If you kept up
with what the kids were saying,
you'd know we were
in the middle of a Célinaissance.
Drake is talking about getting
a tattoo of her face.
- What? How do you know that?
- Instagram.
I should be starting the podcast
for the newspaper.
No, what you should be doing
is leaving my office
to go work on Céline Dion.
Now, you seem to forget, Rob,
that I've taken a big chance
hiring you, fellow Brit.
But ever since you were
publicly humiliated by that woman--
Elizabeth.
Ever since Elizabeth dropped you
like a stone
just days before your wedding,
well, your work has lacked heart.
Huh.
Céline Dion is all about heart. Okay?
People adore her. I adore her.
So get onboard,
or I'll find someone who will.
- S-A-D, sad.
- Are you joking?
Shut up. It was the only one I could find.
It's just five. I'm gonna lose this game.
Aw! Bernard wrote back.
Bernard's back in the picture, huh?
Mm... Not quite sure.
But he wrote,
"See you soon, dot, dot, dot."
With a winky smiley.
Means he wants to see me.
I don't know about that.
Sounds like a blow-off to me.
What? No. Winky smiley.
That's, like, way more-- --like,
meaningful than, like, a regular smiley.
You know what's crazy, Suzy?
Our parents worked their asses off
to send us to college,
and here we are,
decoding the winky in a smiley.
Here you are, ladies.
Two Miras, medium rare.
Wait, what is a Mira?
When they put the fries inside the burger.
Mo, you named a burger after me?
Of course.
I name burgers
after all my favorite customers.
It's good to see you.
God, I missed you around here.
You, not so much.
How you holding up?
- You know.
- Yeah.
Takes a long time.
Yeah. I still have a ways to go, I think.
Well, you know, there's no clock.
God knows, I...
I still miss Roxy every day.
How do you deal with it, Mo?
Pour a glass of wine,
sit down for dinner,
and tell her about my day.
Just because she's gone doesn't mean
I can't still tell her about my feelings.
The ice, it thickens.
Someday, it'll support your weight.
I promise.
♪ ...strong again somehow ♪
♪ And I never wasted any of my time ♪
♪ On you since then... ♪
♪ But if I touch you like this ♪
♪ And if you kiss me like that ♪
♪ It was so long ago
But it's all coming back-- ♪
Is there something
I can help you with, Lisa?
You're lucky. I love Céline.
Hughes wanted to make sure
you got one of these.
No. I have a phone.
No, you have a personal phone.
This is a work phone,
issued by our new corporate overlords.
I don't wanna deal with another phone.
I took the phone!
Take the phone. It's not a choice.
And you?
Duh.
- Fine, fine.
- Yeah. Uh, be careful.
There's a rumor Hughes is tracking
everything we say and do on that.
- What?
- Hey.
When are you going to text Jessica?
I told her you would.
It's kind of rude to keep her waiting.
- I told you, I'm not looking to date.
- Why not?
You're, like, peaking physically.
You don't wanna be out there
when you're on the decline.
Yeah, she's right.
You know, just let me set you up.
- You're not even on the apps anymore.
- Love isn't real. It--
It's just a bunch of pheromones
that wear off.
Then you get your heart ripped out,
covered in bleach, stomped on,
set on fire in front of your friends
and your family and...
Ew.
Hey, boo. Any reason you left
these things out in the truck?
Well, his mom gave them to me.
I just never opened it.
What? Wait. No. Suzy.
Come on, it's been two years.
If you weren't my sister, I'd probably
be like, "Whoa, easy there, girl,"
but, nah, I totally get it.
Orpheus and Eurydice?
He used to play that for me all the time,
said that he'd go to hell and back for me.
That's what the opera's about.
Oh, God. He was the best.
He never got the chance.
Okay. This, I don't know,
feels a little unhealthy, maybe?
What's wrong with it?
I'm just wearing
my dead boyfriend's shirt
and the engagement ring
he never got to give me.
Come here.
Okay.
Um...
Hey, John.
This is just weird. God.
Leans in and he scores!
- Knicks within two.
- Yes.
Hey, John...
I miss you so much.
Over Barrett. No!
Yes!
Come on.
What?
Oh-- What the hell?
--find Randle.
- Randle... Oh!
- No!
A heartbreaker for the Knicks tonight.
Come on.
- Oh, sorry.
- Sorry.
Interesting.
Is she using the leaf to blot her tears?
Well, it would be weird
to give her a tissue.
Look, Mira.
We make children's books here.
Children. Remember them?
Little people who like to look
at bright pictures and laugh.
Well, maybe it's better to prepare them.
That life will inevitably
crush their hopes and dreams.
They tell us not to pressure creatives.
But after two years, I think
I'm allowed to put a little on you.
Molly, could you come in here, please?
Yes, Ms. Valentine?
Mira, this is Molly.
- Hi.
- Big fan.
Molly's a paid intern from NYU.
Scholarship kid.
Raised by a single mom.
That's amazing.
She'll lose her job
if you don't figure this out
and turn in something we can publish.
Oh. And I'll have to sue
for your advance as well.
Thank you, Molly.
Player.
Hey.
Lisa. Uh...
Do you wanna talk?
Maybe somewhere private?
Okay.
Look, first of all,
I want to say I'm flattered, really.
It takes a lot of guts
to share your feelings with someone and...
What?
Hey, uh...
"It's crazy to reach out like this"?
"We should be together."
Oh, my God. Gross.
Rob, you could be, like, my dad.
I'm, like, 35. I'm 35.
- Ugh.
- Not much older than you are.
I'm pretty cool.
Yeah, whatever. I just thought--
- You didn't send me a text?
- What text?
No way. I don't flirt like that.
I'm, like, good at it.
I think they're nice.
Oh!
Whoa, that's super sad.
Who is sending me these texts?
Someone's smishing you.
Phishing, but by text.
First, they lure you in,
then they ask for your credit card number.
- Delete it.
- Yeah.
Céline, you're arguably more popular today
than when you started.
How do you think you've managed
to stay relevant for so long?
Hm. What a question.
Do you ever stop and ask yourself
why people continue to read your work
as a middle-aged male journalist?
Maybe it's because if the work is good,
it's timeless. Yeah?
Miss Dion, it's been over a decade
since you've toured in the States.
I'm curious. Why now?
For five years, it's been tough.
Raising my children
after the loss of their father,
the love of my life, my husband, Réne.
And at the same time,
I didn't want to just sit around
and be sad.
So I decided to hit the road
and do what I love.
Tell me about it.
What was that?
Nothing. Just--
I was responding to a text.
- Sorry.
- Oh. Cool.
Feel free to talk with friends
if I'm boring you.
No, no, no, it wasn't-- I mean...
I wouldn't say it was a friend.
Do you have a question for me?
Um...
Yes. Yeah, yeah. Sure.
Miss Dion...
Céline, you sing a lot about love,
obviously.
For example,
in "That's the Way It Is," you say:
"When you're ready to go
and your heart's left in doubt,
don't give up on your faith,
love comes to those that believe it."
But in "When I Fall in Love,"
you say, "In a restless world like this,
love is ended...
before it's begun."
What's the question?
Well, do you really believe
in all these things you sing?
You obviously know nothing about it.
What?
Love.
Céline, are you taking your children
on tour with you?
Who are you texting?
No one.
This the same "no one"
that you were texting last night?
Yes, actually.
But trust me,
it's totally not what you think.
Mira, there is nothing wrong
with putting yourself
back out there again.
Oh, my God, stop, please,
I wouldn't even know where to start.
Oh, oh, oh!
Well, it's kind of amazing
that you say that
because your sister, who loves you,
who's kind of awesome and got your back,
might have already started you on an app.
Sorry, what?
- I hate apps!
- I know. I know.
They're the worst. But...
you're kind of beautiful, and young,
and you have your whole life ahead of you.
You're not allowed to give up on dating.
So just take a look.
What? No, no. I'm not ready for this.
Okay, why is every guy shirtless?
I wouldn't talk to any one of these guys.
But you don't have to worry
because it's Bumble.
So the woman makes the first move.
What? What do you think?
No? What about this guy?
Okay. So we do a little right swipe.
- I didn't tell you to swipe.
- Wait. Stop.
It's a match on your first one.
Who even are you?
Oh.
Come on, that is such a sign.
So we just do a little "hey"
- to see what he--
- Don't text him.
- Stop.
- You texted him?
Yes. Oh, my God, he's texting back.
"Nice pic." Mm.
- "Do you wanna go for a drink?"
- No.
- Yes. It's amazing!
Look, just do it for me, your sister,
who loves you so, so, so much.
- Your happiness is my happiness.
- Shut up.
- One drink.
- You're gonna go?
- If you shut up.
- I promise.
- One drink. Whoo!
- Wow.
- So aggressive.
- I know.
♪ Wherever you go ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I'll be ♪
♪ When you need to glow ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I'll be... ♪
- Hi, Rob.
- Oh.
You're checking that phone a lot.
You still getting those depressing texts?
- What?
- Lisa told me.
You know what? I don't think
it sounds like a scammer at all.
- Really?
- Mm-mm.
It sounds more like a psychotic stalker.
Or just a really confused old lady.
Don't believe me? Text them back.
I couldn't do that. They're too personal.
Wouldn't want to embarrass
whoever this was.
Mm-hm. Oh! Oh!
Has psychotic grandma sent another one?
"Guess who's going
to that awful hipster bar Rendez tonight?
Please don't judge,
I already feel so guilty.
And I'm definitely not ready.
But I guess if I don't force myself,
I'll never be."
That is a great bar. I know that.
That's a good pick-up spot.
- I'm going.
- What? Where?
Why?
You're going now? Why?
You're always telling me
to get back out there.
Yeah, no, this is true,
but these are texts
from a literal stranger.
Yeah, but they speak to me.
They speak to you?
No. What are you doing, Rob?
You sound like an insane person right now.
Look, I just need
to put a face to these texts, okay?
That's all.
You're gonna go with him, right?
Yeah, right, okay. Thanks.
Do you think this is healthy?
How are you gonna know
if it's even them or not?
I have no idea.
- You got this.
- Cool plan.
You've got it. You look gorgeous.
- I'm feeling you.
- I don't know if I can do it.
- You can, it's just a drink.
- Suzy.
Come on. No, no, no.
You go in there, okay?
He's a dud, you text me, I'll call you,
we'll just say there's a family emergency.
No problem.
- Keep your phone on. The whole time.
- Swear to God.
All night. Pinky swear.
- I got it. Okay. I'll do it.
- Ah, ah, ah.
Mira.
I know.
Hey. Listen, you know I loved John
like a brother, right?
Okay, so I'm saying this
with the hugest amount of love
and the greatest amount of respect.
This guy tonight doesn't have
to be your soulmate.
You don't even have to like him.
If the body's good,
you go in there, you get the D.
There's not gonna be any getting of any D.
Trust me, you need the D.
You make it sound
like a vitamin deficiency.
Yeah, you do. Vitamin D deficiency.
Come on, go get in there.
Hey, none of those
"Would you rather" questions.
- I know you.
- Everyone loves my questions.
Nobody loves your questions.
Come on. You got this. You got this!
- Okay, okay.
- Whoo!
Mira's got it. She's looking fly. Whoo!
Yeah, okay.
Oh, gross.
This shit is like the musical equivalent
of Cheez Whiz.
Uh, Rob, check out that guy there.
Don't look, but look.
Don't...
- Yeah?
- What do you mean?
Maybe he is your, uh, texter.
I thought you said
they were from some psycho granny?
Or a sensitive silver fox.
He has super kind eyes.
- Would you like to go talk to him?
- Why would you insult me, Rob?
I'm here for you, buddy. Nobody else.
How could you say that to me, Rob?
What?
Wait, wait.
- I think I've seen her before.
- Okay, cool.
- Mira.
- Yes. Hi.
Hi.
Please.
Another skinny marg.
Everyone thinks personal training
is all about the body.
But you can't do 400 weighted squats...
without a brain.
Well...
You really can't do anything
without a brain.
You get it.
Two Ketel One martinis.
Compliments of the gentleman over there.
Oh.
Would you just go talk to him already?
Rob, stop!
I will be two minutes.
I like this song.
Tight bassline.
Sorry, one second.
- All good over there?
- Gonna put my phone on silent.
- I have a question for you.
- Hm?
Would you rather live
your entire life with...
silent but uncontrollable gas,
or loud, uncontrollable sneezes?
Neither.
Just pick one. Or you get both.
Stop it.
It's too much pressure.
I have his number.
- Uh, unlock your phone.
- Oh.
Let's just check into the numbers
and make sure this guy is not your texter.
And it is not.
Praise be, because we are
totally gonna smash later.
- Good.
- Yeah.
- The boys' room.
Oh, my...
- Wait.
- Mm-hm.
- It think it might be her.
- Oh, really?
- Because she's on her phone?
- Yeah.
He's texting. The barperson's texting.
Could be anybody.
Why do you think it's her?
Huh.
Does that guy look like
he does too many push-ups?
No, that's not too many push-ups.
It's the perfect amount of push-ups.
She's not having a good time with him.
No, no, no, she is not.
She is so miserable
and so lucky you're here.
Oh!
They're leaving.
I bet I could bench-press you.
You know what, Rob?
Uh...
This night is not a total loss, you know?
Because...
I'm gonna get laid.
Maybe we just take it a little slower?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Sure. No problem.
- Okay. Okay.
♪ That's my one-track mind ♪
♪ You are my real love
♪ Call it what you want, love ♪
♪ You're controlling this... ♪
What are you doing?
I'm going slower.
Well, that's not what I meant.
Wait, are we not gonna have sex
at your place?
No! When did I say that?
Did I give you mixed signals or something?
No, it's fine.
I just wish you would've told me sooner.
Okay.
Are you looking
for another date right now?
Um, yeah. Yeah.
Because you don't want to have sex
and I have to burn off these calories.
- Those drinks had a lot of carbs.
- You know what? Get out.
- Get out. Now, now, now.
- Okay. Okay.
Take a fucking run.
It'll burn off those carbs!
I miss it too.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Let's go.
Rob Burns, New York Chronicle.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah. The rude texter.
That's me.
Let me see your hands.
- These?
- Please.
Come over and give me your hands.
Hm.
Strange. You have very manly hands.
- And yet, you act like a little boy.
- What?
- I don't act like a little boy.
- Let me ask you a question.
- And I want you to be totally honest.
- Okay.
Are you a fan of my music?
- Yes.
- Liar.
- Why do you say that?
- You don't even know how to hear it.
No offense...
Céline.
I think I can grasp lyrics like, um...
"If I hear you breathe,
I get wings to fly."
Has anyone ever made you feel like that?
Have you ever made someone else
feel like that?
You have, haven't you?
I see it.
I thought so.
A while back, but...
It didn't work out.
And you've been stuck ever since?
How'd you know that?
Because you have the presence
of a pair of used underwear.
Sit up straight. Sit up straight.
Come on, man, you're with Céline Dion!
- Okay.
- Okay, Mr. Underwear.
Do you have someone
in your life right now?
I...
I think I might have feelings
for someone I've never met.
You are more interesting
than you look. Go on.
Oh, shit.
I feel like I got to know her
through these texts.
You know, maybe I'm just fooling myself.
These texts you're receiving
are saying something.
Things like this don't just happen.
You need to pursue this.
Really?
You don't think it's crazy
to fall for someone like this?
Oh, it might be crazy.
But love doesn't always follow the rules.
Take my situation, for example.
René had always been my manager
my entire career.
But I never thought of him in that way...
until one night in Dublin.
What happened in Dublin?
We were there
for the Eurovision song contest,
and it was the night before finals.
I was about to go up to my hotel room
and get a good night's sleep.
And René wished me good night
and gave me a kiss on each cheek,
like he always did.
But on that night,
he stopped ever so briefly at my lips...
and gave me the softest,
sweetest little peck.
And at that moment...
that kiss on the lips
was the answer to everything
that I was feeling deep down inside of me.
It was as if that kiss had unlocked
a secret that had been in our hearts.
I was his.
And he was mine.
Love has a plan
for each and every one of us.
I think these texts
are part of the plan for you.
Time's up.
Oh. Um...
We didn't get to the interview.
Come back to me as a man
and we can try again.
- Yeah, I'm 35.
- Then you still have time.
Love takes courage.
Open yourself to the universe
and it'll come rushing in, Rob Burns.
Okay.
No.
♪ When I was young ♪
No. No, no, no.
♪ I never needed anyone ♪
Hey, Rob.
Rob?
♪ And making love was just for fun ♪
♪ Those days are gone ♪
♪ Livin' alone... ♪
Vegan ice cream.
What is that? I am outraged.
♪ When I dial the telephone ♪
♪ Nobody's home ♪
Super hot.
Rob?
Are you okay?
♪ All by myself ♪
♪ Don't want to be ♪
♪ Anymore ♪
♪ All by myself ♪
♪ Don't want to be ♪
♪ Anymore ♪
Oh, God.
Okay.
- Billy, give it back.
- No.
You need to get over this.
This is not healthy.
Just give it to me.
- Billy.
- No, no.
- Give me the phone.
- No. Don't follow me.
I won't chase you.
- Give me the phone!
- Help me, Lisa!
No, Lisa, call HR.
- Give it to me!
- No! Just calm down, okay?
Just calm down. Just breathe, okay?
Because you don't even know
if this is from her. Okay?
Okay, it's from her. Just wait there.
This makes no sense.
"Here, where never is heard
a discouraging word,
is nothing but joy and desire."
It's from Orpheus and Eurydice.
The opera? By Gluck?
It's playing at the Manhattan Opera House.
- Sorry. You listen to "opera" now?
- You don't know my life.
Enlighten me, please.
Orpheus travels to Hades
to get back his dead wife.
And he's given permission
to return to Earth with her,
under the condition
that he not look at her face
until they're outta Hades.
- Why?
- I don't know. 'Cause the gods are dicks.
Anyway, Orpheus can't resist
but look at Eurydice's face
because people are weak
and love makes fools out of everyone.
So he ends up losing her. All over again.
I'm gonna go see it.
- Why?
- Obviously, it has meaning for her.
Oh, okay. Uh...
How do you know if she's even going?
And if she does,
you still won't know when.
I'll just keep going until she shows up.
Oh-ho.
You'll just keep going?
That is... That is so crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah, but like she said...
love makes fools of everyone.
Do I know you?
I...
I'm not sure.
- I'm sorry.
- I mean, everyone starts as strangers.
I don't know a lot of people.
- Okay.
- We both like comfortable footwear.
Um... Oh!
Jordan 1s, I see.
I'm more of an 11s kinda girl.
That's cool, I have thems-- Those...
sneakers. I have sneakers at home.
Nice. I didn't wear mine
'cause they didn't go with this dress.
No.
- Did you, um... Did you like the show?
- Yes.
- Very much so, actually.
- Huh.
And you?
Yeah. Yeah, I thought it was so...
hopeful.
Hopeful?
- Really?
- Yeah.
Sure, there's a lot of pain and suffering,
but, ultimately, love wins in the end.
There's no joy without the struggle,
they go hand in hand.
Just have faith. Keep looking forward.
At least, that's what I saw.
That's so strange.
I've seen the show so many times
and I never saw it like that.
I guess it's about how you hear the music.
- Yeah.
Would you like my number?
If you wanna talk more about the show,
or other Jordans.
Um...
- Okay, sure.
- Cool.
I'm Rob. Rob Burns.
Hi, Rob Burns. I'm Mira Ray.
- Hi.
- That's my personal number.
- Oh. How many other numbers do you have?
You know, just one. For work.
Okay.
- Of course.
- I guess we're not strangers anymore.
I guess not.
Oh! Oh.
- I'm so sorry.
- Don't worry about it. It's nothing.
Children's books.
Cool.
We talked.
- Last night. At the opera.
- Ah.
Well, there we go!
- Okay.
- Shut up!
I know, right?
And it's true. And get this.
She thinks...
- I am interesting.
- Ooh.
Really? How do we know this information?
Oh. She texted her
dead boyfriend about me.
- I found his Facebook profile.
- What?
Yeah. He's who she's been texting
this whole time.
I must have the dead boyfriend's number.
Yikes. That's not good.
Oh, my God, it's her.
She's calling me right now.
- He's not picking up.
- Leave a message.
- What do I do? What do I do?
- Answer the phone, Rob.
- Answer the phone! Now!
- Pick up the phone.
- Rob, come on. This is unbearable.
- Answer the phone.
Yo!
Um...
Hi. Hi. This is Mira Ray.
From the opera last night.
Oh. Yeah, hey. Hey!
- How the heck are ya?
- I'm good. Um...
How are you? I hope this isn't a bad time.
No. No, no, no. I'm just at work.
No. But you're not interrupting anything.
I work to live,
you know, not live to work.
I'm a music critic at the Chronicle.
Oh, that's cool.
He's a music critic.
Nice weather we're having.
I love a crisp winter's day
in New York City.
Um... Yeah. I love the weather.
- It's been very weather-y?
-
Hey, I was wondering, do you eat?
He just asked me if I eat.
I mean, I know you eat.
At least, I assume you do.
But some people,
they're just not into food.
They do it because they have to.
Otherwise, they would die.
But I-- I love food.
I can't get enough.
Unless, of course, I'm full.
And then I'm like, "No, I'm all set here."
Yeah, so, specifically,
I was wondering, would you like to eat?
With me?
Tonight.
Uh... Yeah.
I mean, I love food too.
Do you like cheeseburgers?
Are you kidding? Cheeseburgers.
I love cheeseburgers.
Um, I know this cute little spot
called Roxy's. Um...
Do you want to meet there,
say, like, 7 tonight?
Yeah.
That's perfect. That's 7,
that's my favorite time to meet.
- Okay.
- Well, I'll see you.
Well, see ya.
Wow, I have no words.
Oh, my God. Congratulations.
You just got yourself a date
the normal way. No apps.
We're meeting for cheeseburgers at 7:00.
That's in, like, 45 minutes.
Perfect. Now you can tell her
about the texts in person.
But if I do that,
she'll never speak to me again.
- The truth hurts.
- Rob.
May I see you in my office, please?
Actually, sir, I'm kinda busy.
Rhetorical question. Now!
How is the Céline Dion piece coming along?
Good. Really good.
Anything for me to read?
Uh, not yet, but soon.
Okay, well, that's funny
because I've been noticing
quite a few interesting texts
on your work phone.
What?
I don't even know where to begin.
"My heart is broken.
There's also this aching inside of me."
Doesn't sound very work-related to me.
Those are, um...
song lyrics.
From Céline Dion.
Wow.
Sounds like you've made a connection,
if she's sending you lyrics.
Yeah.
Wow!
- I'm holding Céline's lyrics in my hand.
- Yeah, you are.
You know, my wife and I danced
to "Have You Ever Been in Love"
at our wedding.
That's a deep cut, sir.
I did not know that.
♪ Oh, baby, I'm going crazy ♪
♪ When I'm without you ♪
♪ Crazy, I can't take it ♪
♪ That's what you do ♪
♪ I'm hurting like hell
No, I'm just not myself... ♪
- Hi.
- Hi. Sorry I'm late.
No, you're fine. I'm glad you made it.
Yeah.
Um...
Um, yeah.
Nice sneakers.
Oh, I wore them for you.
I'm honored.
The low-top 1s.
Nice choice.
Yeah, thanks.
- So were you wait--?
- Was it okay to--?
- Did it take you long in--?
- You go ahead. Please. Sorry.
- Go ahead.
- I just wanted to say that...
I was looking forward to this.
I just felt like last night at the opera,
I knew you or something.
No, I, uh...
Yeah, I've been...
I, um...
Wi--
Will you excuse me a moment?
- You okay?
- Yeah.
This is not the right time to tell her.
Soon. But not now.
You are fine.
Yeah.
♪ I need your love now ♪
♪ Twenty-four hours, every day ♪
♪ I need that good, good lovin', yeah... ♪
- I'm back.
- You are.
You okay?
- Yes.
- Okay.
This looks amazing.
Sorry, I took the liberty.
It's the best in the city.
- Should we do it?
- Yeah, let's go.
Oh, my God.
- No way.
- What?
Do you always do that?
- Put fries in your burger?
Yeah.
No, it's just, it's the best way.
- It is, right?
- It is.
- Cheers.
Mmm.
- I have another question for you.
- Mm?
- Mm-hm.
- Mm-hm?
Would you rather own ten cats
or have a parrot on your shoulder
for 22 hours a day?
What kind of question is that?
I was...
A bird.
Wins hands down every time.
I mean, I don't get cats.
One minute you're cool, and the next...
- Scratching your eyes out.
- Totally.
- They're evil.
- Unpredictable.
- Yes. Agreed.
- Mm.
- Pirate bird all the way.
- Aargh.
You're fun to talk to.
Thanks. But the accent does all the work.
Can I ask...?
Yes.
Your ring.
I'm sorry.
- I should've taken it off.
- No.
I just, somehow, uh...
I just didn't wanna start with,
"Hi, I have a dead boyfriend."
We were very much in love,
and he bought a ring
and died before he could propose.
I'm sorry.
I was engaged once.
Oh, really. What happened?
I don't know.
She decided she didn't want
to go through with it.
The week before the wedding.
- Jeez.
- The worst part of it was...
being left with all these questions.
To be honest, I may have gone crazy
trying to figure out what went wrong.
Well, did you figure it out?
Love is a mystery.
And in a restless world like this one...
it can be ended...
before it's even begun.
You're funny.
Come on.
Okay.
Okay, okay, one more, one more.
Um... Would you rather say
everything you're thinking
or never say anything at all?
Mm...
- What? No way.
- Mm-hm!
- What? What?
- Mm. Mm!
What, you're telling me you'd choose
to always say everything you're thinking?
Yeah. I already do.
Okay, what are you thinking right now?
I think you're very cute.
Why do you love these questions so much?
'Cause they are very telling of people
and they cut through the bullshit.
Do you think you could fall in love
with someone just through their words?
Yeah, sure.
But you know what they say.
Actions speak louder than words.
- Ah.
- Mm-hm.
Well, what about these actions?
What, like... Oh, we're dancing?
- What, are you gonna leave me hanging?
- No, I'm not. I don't know what to do.
- Whoo!
- Oh.
- All right.
- Ah.
- Wow!
- That was smooth.
- Thank you.
You're really feeling this music,
aren't you?
Yeah. This isn't...
Playing my favorite song.
- Okay.
- Oh.
Whoa.
You know he stopped playing, right?
Oh.
Well, I still hear the music.
Have you always been this much into music?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
My mom, she filled the house
with it growing up.
- She played everything.
- Really?
Classical, rock,
- traditional Scottish, jazz.
- Wow.
- That's really cool.
- Yeah, she was pretty cool.
What about you? What are you into?
I love hip-hop.
Hip-hop's my favorite.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Cardi B all day every day.
- Have you heard of her?
- She's very catchy.
What?
I like you.
Um...
I like you too.
Mira, I...
I need to tell you something.
What?
I do not want this date to end.
Well, who says it has to?
Well, it is morning now.
Which is crazy.
Wow. Yeah, it is.
Um...
Look, it was a really great night
and, uh...
I'll see you around. Text me.
See you.
Or...
just 'cause we're crazy kids, um...
we could go back to our places,
shower up, change,
and maybe meet tonight at mine
to make dinner?
Yeah, that sounds great.
- Yeah?
- I warn you, I'm not much of a cook.
Oh, perfect. Me neither.
Okay, so tonight.
Tonight.
- Mmm. Mmm!
- Mmm.
- Good stuff.
- That company wanted us to fail.
Oh, totally.
Also, we're terrible cooks.
The cereal-to-milk ratio in this bowl
of Cinnamon Toast Crunch
is perfection.
Why, thank you, kind sir.
- Cheers.
You know...
I would learn to cook for you.
How did he die?
Um...
It was a drunk driver.
In broad daylight.
It's been two years.
And I still can't believe it.
- I'm sorry. I'm just...
- No, no.
You can't really prepare
for something like that, can you?
I was so sure we'd grow old together.
And now I'm the only one growing older.
He's exactly the same.
Same eyes...
same voice, same smile.
Exactly how I remember it.
I'm the only one who's changing.
All right, enough about me.
Tell me, um... tell me more about you.
What else do you like?
Besides music.
Oh, um... Well, that's easy.
I love basketball.
We should play some time.
- I'd like that.
- Mm-hm.
But, uh, are you any good?
Well, you're just gonna have
to find out, now, mister.
I really like your voice.
Tell me more
about why you like basketball.
I feel like you can learn more
by playing ten minutes of basketball
with someone
than you can talking to them
for a whole hour.
How they work with other people.
Face opposition.
And not to sound too grandiose
or anything...
but kind of feel
the game represents life itself.
All these people
are from different places...
gathered to play the same game.
Different cultures, races.
It doesn't matter where you're from.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's what makes this country,
this city, so...
So beautiful.
Well...
♪ I'm on another level
I'm a rebel... ♪
Uh...
Hey.
♪ I'm a rebel
I'm on another level... ♪
Hey.
Hello?
Don't be scared.
I'm a friend of your sister's.
- She's asleep, I didn't know what to do.
- What?
Oh, my God, you're, uh... You're...
- You're Rob the opera guy.
- Yeah.
- I'm Rob the opera guy. Hey.
- Oh!
- You must be Suzy.
- Yeah.
So she fell asleep?
- And you...
decided to stay on the couch?
Oh, I just wanted
to make sure she was okay.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry about cutting off
your airways there.
No, it's fine.
Do you want a beer?
Okay.
What do you...?
I will see your...
And I will raise you some Indian...
What? No! Like, have you ever gone
to a live One Direction concert?
Yeah. Yeah, I...
He basically made
his entire first album on his iPhone.
That is awesome.
Hey!
- Hey!
- Oh. Hey.
Look! Rolls, coffee. Coffee, rolls.
Rob bought you rolls and coffee.
So nice.
I have to go to Soul Cycle.
It's this thing I do on Sunday.
- I just can't, you know...
- Oh.
Uh, yeah. I better go too.
No, don't!
You should totally stay
and finish your breakfast.
Have coffee.
Um... I'll see you later.
Just text me. I'll text you. Okay.
Soul Cycle is a cult.
Testing one, un, deux. Check.
♪ Courage ♪
♪ Don't you dare fail me now ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ To keep away the doubts ♪
♪ I'm staring in the face
Of something new ♪
♪ You're all I've got to hold on to ♪
♪ So courage ♪
♪ Don't you dare fail me now ♪
Rob? What happened to you?
Nothing. I, uh...
- What do you mean?
- You look brighter.
Like, more in focus.
You're standing even straighter too.
You've talked to the unknown texter?
Well, uh, she's not unknown anymore.
Come on, let's have a little chat.
The more I get to know her,
the better I like her.
But she's still completely stuck
on her former boyfriend.
And he's dead.
This is a big problem.
What is her name?
Mira.
Mira Ray.
The Mira Ray who writes
the caterpillar books?
You've read them?
I have three children,
of course I read them. They're amazing.
What do you think of this?
Okay, are you serious?
I hate it. What am I doing?
It looks like I'm standing in hell.
Listen, the concept needs
to be bigger, brighter.
More joyful.
Yeah?
Céline, this may be too much to ask,
but I have an idea.
Hello.
Mira Ray?
- Mm-hm.
Hi, this is Céline Dion.
Sure. And I'm Mariah Carey.
♪ Don't give up on this, girl ♪
♪ Love comes to those who believe it ♪
♪ And this is really me ♪
Oh, yes, it is.
Um...
Oh, my gosh. Hi.
It's really you.
Uh, how did you get my number?
I have my people who have people.
Um...
What can I do for you?
Well, I happen to be a big fan.
Of me?
Of your stubborn caterpillar books.
Oh, my gosh. Really?
I'm so honored. Uh, thank you so much.
Are you free?
I've always wanted to meet
the creator of the Bhoomi books.
I love them so much.
I really like your presence.
Oh, wow. I really like your presence too.
I mean, you have the presence, so...
It's been quite a long time
since the last Bhoomi book.
Yes, I have been...
How would you like to design
my tour poster?
Are you serious?
Is there anything in my expression
that conveys a lack of seriousness?
It's just such an honor
that you would even consider me.
I want something great.
And I know you can do it.
I would need to see some ideas
at the end of this week.
Yes. Of course.
That's great.
Ciao.
Oh.
Yes.
Hey.
What are you doing right now?
The Céline Dion calls me randomly
and says,
"I want you to design my tour poster."
I just met her. That's just... What?
You open yourself up to the universe
and it'll come rushing in.
Yeah, but this is crazy.
Well, it's crazy. Yeah.
Okay. Look...
I'm really sorry about ghosting you
the other day.
No. No, it's...
Here's me apologizing, okay?
Here you go.
Huh. What's this?
It's champagne, in a can,
'cause we're classy.
What are we celebrating?
Change.
Also...
I thought this might be a good time...
to figure out what type of person you are.
- Yep.
- Okay.
- You ready to tell me...
- I see.
...everything about you?
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
- This way.
- Huh? Oh. Oh!
- Whoo!
No fair, you conned me.
Well, you're not the only Knicks fan
on this court.
Huh.
Okay.
What?
- What, you're gonna give me this shot?
- Sure.
- You're rusty.
- Uh-huh.
- Go for it.
- Okay.
- Whoa!
- Look at that. Confident.
I like it. I like it.
- Game point.
- Okay.
Ready to lose?
Never.
- Care to make it interesting?
- What do you have in mind?
- Well, if I win...
- Uh-huh?
we go back to your place.
Uh-huh?
And I get to have my way with you.
Huh.
And if I win?
I could cook for you again.
Good morning.
Hm.
Shit.
What?
I have to be in the newsroom
in 15 minutes.
- Seriously?
- Mm-hm.
No.
Sorry.
Okay.
I better get ready.
♪ When you touch me like this ♪
♪ And I hold you like that ♪
♪ It was more than all your laws allow ♪
- ♪ Baby, baby, baby ♪
♪ But if I touch you like this ♪
- ♪ Kiss me like that ♪
- ♪ Hold me like that ♪
♪ It was so long ago ♪
♪ But it's all coming back to me ♪
♪ When you touch me like this ♪
♪ And I hold you like that ♪
♪ It was so long ago ♪
♪ But it's all coming back to me ♪
Mira, I...
Mira, wait.
Please. You don't understand.
I know I should have told you.
I wanted to tell you.
I tried to tell you, but...
Like, I didn't know how.
The circumstances were so incredible.
So you read all my texts to John?
Lied to my face this whole time.
Why?
'Cause you're a creep
or just some asshole?
Neither. Those are both terrible choices.
But I was afraid you'd stop talking to me
if you knew the truth. But, Mira...
- Mira, my feelings for you are so real.
- You took John away from me.
I didn't take him away from you.
He's gone.
John is gone.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't want you to find out like this.
- I wanted to tell you before...
- Before what?
Before you slept with me?
If you have any decency,
you'll erase my number
and never call me again.
- Mira, I...
- Goodbye, Rob.
Have a good life.
♪ So much to believe in ♪
♪ We were lost in time ♪
Knicks take the lead...
♪ Everything I needed ♪
♪ I fell into your eyes ♪
♪ Always thought of keepin' ♪
♪ Your heart next to mine ♪
♪ But now that seems so far away ♪
♪ Don't know how love
Could leave without a trace ♪
♪ Where do silent hearts go? ♪
♪ Where does my heart beat now? ♪
♪ Where is the sound ♪
♪ That only echoes through the night? ♪
♪ Where does my heart beat now? ♪
♪ I can't live without ♪
♪ Without feeling it inside ♪
Looks like Mo has found himself a lady.
Hey.
- Mo.
- Hey.
Who's your friend?
That's Jane. I've known her a long time.
- Long time?
- Two days.
- Oh, my God. Are you dating?
- Mira inspired me.
- What did I do?
- I saw you with that Rob guy...
- Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
- No, no. No, listen.
And when the last person left
the other night, I sat down.
I poured Roxy and me two shots.
I drank them both, as I always do.
Then I lit a candle, and I said to Roxy,
"I will always be your husband.
But what I'm really missing,
like in my core,
is sharing a joke with someone
when I'm feeling down in the mouth."
And dead people, not so funny.
So, um...
Thank you.
What can we do?
Huh?
Oh, nothing.
Nothing. Rob ruined it.
What was I supposed to do?
You should have said something
to her right away.
What should I have said?
"Excuse me, I'd like to get to know you,
but I keep getting these text messages
you write your dead boyfriend.
I would have said something earlier,
but I didn't wanna take away
the possibility
for you to stay in contact with him.
I know this is the weirdest way
to get to know someone,
and I understand
if you just wanna walk away.
But I didn't wanna start off
by telling you a lie."
- Yeah. Exactly.
- Mm-hm.
Shit.
It might have actually worked.
So, what now?
I don't know.
I can't call her.
And there's no way for me to reach her.
That sucks.
What time's deadline?
Why?
I don't like that look in your eyes. Rob!
Oh, boy. This is very stressful.
Where are you going? Rob?
- Can you just calm down?
- Rob!
Holy shit.
What?
Bernard just sent me this
and asked me if I'd seen it.
I don't need to read that.
"Texts for Mira...
- by Rob Burns."
- Stop.
"This was actually supposed to be
a profile on Céline Dion
as she continues
on her first American tour
in over ten years
at the Barclays Center this weekend.
My assignment was to get her to open up,
reveal who she really is.
Unfortunately, I did not succeed.
Instead, Miss Dion opened me.
When she told me I wasn't capable
of hearing her music, I scoffed.
What was there to hear? A bunch of
sentimental platitudes on life and love?
I had no room for such nonsense
in my life because..."
...because I knew love was a myth.
A shared delusion between two people
that could end as soon
as someone changed their mind.
Then I got your texts.
Slowly, I began
to realize Céline was right.
I couldn't hear the music.
'Cause my heart had given up on love.
I know you didn't mean to text me
your innermost thoughts and feelings,
but you did.
And I made a big mistake
by not telling you that right away.
And I do not deserve a second chance.
But thanks to you,
I can hear the music again.
I hear it in the sound of your voice
when you call my name.
Your laughter after asking me
ridiculous "Would you rather" questions.
And that slow, gentle breath you take
just before falling asleep.
I know love is real
'cause I've fallen in love with you.
And if you can find it in your heart
to forgive me,
I promise I'll do everything I can
to earn your trust back.
'Cause a new day has come for me, Mira.
Where it was dark, now it's light.
Where there was pain, now there's joy.
Where there was weakness,
I found my strength.
And I'm not afraid to tell the world...
I've been touched by an angel with love.
Meet me tonight at the place
where I learned to hear the music again.
"Please give this another chance.
Please give me another chance."
Seriously? She listening?
Céline Dion.
What even is your life right now?
Just...
- Hello?
- First off,
I want you to know
that Rob didn't put me up to this.
- Sure.
- You know I lost my husband, yes?
He was the first and only love of my life.
I'm so sorry.
René may have lied to me once
before we were married.
He did?
Yeah.
About Seal.
The animal--
The singer, Seal. Of course.
It was 1991,
and Seal, the singer,
had just released his first album.
I wanted to sing a duet with him so badly,
but René told me he wasn't too interested.
Turns out René was jealous.
He didn't want me around Seal at all.
Were you mad when he lied?
Of course I was mad.
But we worked through it.
Because that's what you do
when you're in love.
You work through things.
Also, René agreed
to do the dishes for life
in return for my forgiveness.
- You guys did your own dishes?
- No.
We don't do a lot of dishes.
But you get the point?
I'm just a bit confused.
Look, Mira.
I don't really care
whether you and Rob get together.
You don't?
No. My only concern is you.
Now...
how's my poster coming along?
I'm working on it.
Have you lost your mind?
This is a newspaper.
Not some sort of dating service.
What am I supposed
to tell our publishers, eh?
What are they gonna say?
They are serious people.
You have put the entire
newspaper's reputation at risk!
Rob, this is the most
unprofessional behavior
I have ever seen in my life!
No!
You total dickhead!
I have to make them think
I'm ripping you to shreds.
Or else they'll all try and publish
stories about their personal lives.
I can't bear you!
- You think you could slip something by me?
- I'm sorry?
What? Don't answer me back!
- Well done. It was quite a moving piece.
- Thank you.
It's great for you 'cause, uh, well,
I've decided you can do your podcast.
What? Seriously?
That's amazing.
Well, you gotta win her back now.
Make for a hell of a follow-up piece.
You've got your heart back, Rob.
Well done.
Thank you, boss.
- Now get out!
- Yeah.
♪ I know it's a been a little while... ♪
Of course, I didn't realize
that'd be the last text I ever send you.
What would you have sent?
I don't know.
"I love you. Forever."
Or maybe
a GIF from The Notebook.
A GIF from The Notebook.
Stupid.
♪ Precious moment
And I would hold it... ♪
What am I supposed to do now, John?
♪ From the first moment... ♪
I think...
you're supposed
to just keep living your life.
It's easy for you to say.
You're dead.
That's right.
So, what are you doing
still talking to me?
♪ You are the love of my life
Who's the love of my life...? ♪
I miss you so much.
I miss you.
But you know I want you to fly, right?
♪ Because you ♪
♪ You are the love of my ♪
♪ You are the love of my life ♪
Is she here?
No. I don't know where she is,
and she's not answering her phone either.
Okay.
Uh, wait.
You should come in
and take a look at something.
- It's beautiful.
- Mm-hm.
It looks like she's finally moving on.
And I'm happy for her.
I'm sorry, dude.
Sometimes people just aren't
in the same place, you know?
Yeah.
- Wait, that's it.
- Hm?
Suzy, that--
- That's-- Whoa! Why?
- Thank you.
Yeah, sure. Anytime. Glad I could--
Uh, okay. Catch up with you later.
Thank you.
Mira!
I was starting to wonder
if you changed your mind.
- I'm sorry. I was in the park.
- Yeah. I figured.
Also, Suzy sent me
about a thousand texts
telling me that.
I have a few conditions, Rob.
Of course.
First of all, no more lying. Never.
I won't. Ever, ever, ever again.
I need the full truth from you
at all times.
Even if it's messy. Even if it's painful.
Especially if it's messy and painful.
'Cause that's life, you know?
And if we can't get through it together,
then what's the point, right?
Right.
I'll always love John.
I know.
I'll always miss John.
And I don't know
how this grief will change over time...
but it's always going to be a part of me.
I understand.
You understand.
I know.
And I appreciate it so much.
Anything else?
Well, you're gonna have to learn
how to cook 'cause I can't.
I'll sign up for lessons right away.
And Céline said you need to do the dishes.
Of course.
Anything Céline says.
Anything more?
Yes.
Kiss me.
Okay.
♪ When you touch me like this
And you hold me like that ♪
♪ I just have to admit
That it's all coming back to me ♪
♪ When I touch you like this
And I hold you like that ♪
♪ It's so hard to believe
But it's all coming back to me ♪
♪ It's all coming back
It's all coming back to me now ♪
♪ There were moments of gold
And there were flashes of light ♪
♪ There were things I'd never do again
But then they'd always seemed right ♪
♪ There were nights of endless pleasure ♪
♪ It was more than any laws allow ♪
♪ Baby, baby, baby ♪
♪ If I kiss you like this
And if you whisper like that ♪
♪ It was lost long ago
But it's all coming back to me ♪
♪ If you want me like this
And if you need me like that ♪
♪ It was dead long ago
But it's all coming back to me ♪
♪ It's so hard to resist
And it's all coming back to me ♪
♪ I can barely recall ♪
♪ But it's all coming back to me now ♪
♪ It's all coming back to me now ♪
♪ It's all coming back to me now, baby ♪
♪ It's all coming back ♪
♪ Rising tides ♪
♪ Tears you cry every night ♪
♪ Seem never-ending ♪
♪ But that's just life ♪
♪ The last goodbye, high and dry ♪
♪ It leaves you empty ♪
♪ You might think your world is ending
But it won't ♪
♪ You might think you need to give up
But you don't ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't have to move a mountain
Just keep moving ♪
♪ Every move is a new emotion ♪
♪ And you don't have to find the answers
Just keep trying ♪
♪ The sun will rise again ♪
♪ The storms subside again ♪
♪ This is not the end ♪
♪ And you will love again ♪
♪ Summer rain ♪
♪ Day by day, sadness fades ♪
♪ The wound is healing ♪
♪ And time goes by ♪
♪ Eyes will dry
And you will find someone to heal with ♪
♪ You might think your world is ending
But it won't ♪
♪ You might think you need to give up
But you don't ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't have to move a mountain
Just keep moving ♪
♪ Every move is a new emotion ♪
♪ And you don't have to
Find the answers... ♪
Hello, and welcome
to our new podcast, Would You Rather,
with me, your host, Rob Burns.
Where we get
into all that really weird stuff
with our favorite musicians.
So without further ado,
I'd like to welcome our first guest.
She is an uber-talented,
multifaceted singer-songwriter
extraordinaire,
philosopher, matchmaker,
the list could go on.
Please put your hands together
and welcome none other than
Miss Céline Dion!
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Céline, welcome to the show.
And before we move on
to the really good stuff,
- I have a very burning question for you.
- Ooh.
Would you rather own ten cats
or a parrot that sits on your head
for 22 hours a day?
Oh! Uh...
I'd go for the parrot.
- Right answer.
- Yes!
Céline, we're here to talk about
your new tour.
- The new album. The new everything.
- Yes.
The new Céline Dion.
♪ 'Cause you don't have to move a mountain
Just keep moving ♪
♪ Every move is a new emotion ♪
♪ And you don't have to find the answers
Just keep trying ♪
♪ The sun will rise again ♪
♪ The storms subside again ♪
♪ No, this is not the end ♪
♪ And you will love ♪
♪ You will love ♪
♪ Again ♪